Readme.md, before:

# BlipDrop

**_BlipDrop_** is an ASP.NET MVC case study solution created to accompany a guide in the **PluralSight** [**HackGuides()**](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/microsoft-net) collection for Microsoft .NET technologies.

## PluralSight Hack.Guides()

[ASP.NET MVC - Populating dropdown lists in Razor views using the MVVM design pattern, Entity Framework, and Ajax](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/microsoft-net/asp-net-mvc-populating-dropdown-lists-in-razor-views-using-the-mvvm-design-pattern-entity-framework-and-ajax) - This guide presents a couple common ways to populate dropdown lists in ASP.NET MVC Razor views, with an emphasis on producing functional HTML forms with a minimum amount of code.

*Notice: PluralSight and the author disclaim any liability for errors or omissions in this code.*

## Design Patterns

Model-View-ViewModel  
Repository

## Solution Projects

| Project | Application Layer |
| :--- | :---
| Blip.Drop | (all) |

## Technologies

| Dependency | Version*
| :--- | ---:
| .NET Framework | 4.6.2
| ASP.NET MVC | 5.2.3
| Bootstrap | 3.3.7
| C# | 6
| Entity Framework | 6.1.3
| jQuery | 3.2.1
| jQuery Validation | 1.16.0
| Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Validation | 3.2.3

&ast; As of the latest commit.

## Getting Started

1. Download or clone this repository.
1. Open the solution in Visual Studio 2017 or higher.
1. Select the **Blip.Drop** project.
1. Open a Package Manager Console window.
1. Run: `update-database`.

This will create the database, apply Entity Framework migrations, and run the `Seed` method to populate the database with values for the lookup tables.

## Configuration

* The project contains a configuration string which may require modification for the developer's specific environment:

    | Project | File
    | :--- | :---
    | Blip.Web | Web.config

* The configuration strings specify the instance of SQL Server Express installed with Visual Studio 2017 as the target database server: `Data Source=(localdb)\ProjectsV13`. Developers using a different target database will have to change the connection strings in both projects.

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

Added Disclaimer section to Readme.

Readme.md, after:

# BlipDrop

**_BlipDrop_** is an ASP.NET MVC case study solution created to accompany a guide in the **PluralSight** [**HackGuides()**](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/microsoft-net) collection for Microsoft .NET technologies.

## PluralSight Hack.Guides()

[ASP.NET MVC - Populating dropdown lists in Razor views using the MVVM design pattern, Entity Framework, and Ajax](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/microsoft-net/asp-net-mvc-populating-dropdown-lists-in-razor-views-using-the-mvvm-design-pattern-entity-framework-and-ajax) - This guide presents a couple common ways to populate dropdown lists in ASP.NET MVC Razor views, with an emphasis on producing functional HTML forms with a minimum amount of code.

*Notice: PluralSight and the author(s) disclaim any liability for errors or omissions in this code. See the [Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability](#disclaimer-of-warranties-and-limitation-of-liability) for complete information.*

## Design Patterns

Model-View-ViewModel  
Repository

## Solution Projects

| Project | Application Layer |
| :--- | :---
| Blip.Drop | (all) |

## Technologies

| Dependency | Version*
| :--- | ---:
| .NET Framework | 4.6.2
| ASP.NET MVC | 5.2.3
| Bootstrap | 3.3.7
| C# | 6
| Entity Framework | 6.1.3
| jQuery | 3.2.1
| jQuery Validation | 1.16.0
| Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Validation | 3.2.3

&ast; As of the latest commit.

## Getting Started

1. Download or clone this repository.
1. Open the solution in Visual Studio 2017 or higher.
1. Select the **Blip.Drop** project.
1. Open a Package Manager Console window.
1. Run: `update-database`.

This will create the database, apply Entity Framework migrations, and run the `Seed` method to populate the database with values for the lookup tables.

## Configuration

* The project contains a configuration string which may require modification for the developer's specific environment:

    | Project | File
    | :--- | :---
    | Blip.Web | Web.config

* The configuration strings specify the instance of SQL Server Express installed with Visual Studio 2017 as the target database server: `Data Source=(localdb)\ProjectsV13`. Developers using a different target database will have to change the connection strings in both projects.

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

The contents of this repository are offered on an as-is and as-available basis and the authors make no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the contents, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This includes, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable.

To the extent possible, in no event will the authors be liable on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of the use of the contents, even if the the authors have been advised of the possibility of such losses, costs, expenses, or damages.

The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.
